shaders/vbo/vbo-generic-int: skip
shaders/vbo/vbo-generic-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/cs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/fs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-max3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-float-float-float: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/tcs-min3-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-max3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-mid3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-int-int-int: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/amd_shader_trinary_minmax/execution/built-in-functions/vs-min3-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/atomic_counters/fs-indirect-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/atomic_counters/fs-simple-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/atomic_counters/vs-indirect-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/atomic_counters/vs-simple-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-const-uniform-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-mixed-const-non-const-uniform-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-mixed-const-non-const-uniform-index2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/image_store/basic-imagestore-non-const-uniform-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-initializer-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-initializer-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-mixed-const-and-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-mixed-const-and-non-const-index2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-nested-struct-arrays-nonconst-nested-array: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-non-const-index-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/fs-struct-non-const-index-sampler-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst-non-opaque-members: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst-sampler-const: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/sampler/vs-struct-nonconst-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/subroutines/fs-subroutine: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/tessellation/tcs-tes-patch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-const: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-const-explicit-binding: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-mixed-const-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/execution/ubo/fs-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/intrastage-interface: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/intrastage-interface-field: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/uniform-block-array-instance-name-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/uniform-block-array-size-and-instance-name-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-atomic-counter: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-atomic-counter-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-mismatch2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized-mismatch2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-fs-interface-field-unsized2: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-gs: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-gs-explicit-location: skip
spec/arb_arrays_of_arrays/linker/vs-to-gs-invalid-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imageatomicexchange: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/basic-imagestore: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/explicit-image-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/image-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/multiple-resident-images-reading: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/images/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-arithmetic-uvec2-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-binding-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/basic-ubo-texture2d: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/explicit-texture-binding: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-const-index-three-dimensions: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/fs-struct-non-const-index: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-in-struct: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-attrib-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/sampler-vertex-uniform-input-output: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/execution/samplers/ubo-named-block: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_image_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bindless_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bindless_sampler_and_bound_sampler: skip
spec/arb_bindless_texture/linker/global_bound_sampler_and_bound_image: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/atomic-counter: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id-x: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id-y: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-group-id-z: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-local-id-atomic: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-local-index: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-texelfetch: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-uniform-access: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/basic-uniform-access-atomic: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/border-color: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/multiple-texture-reading: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/multiple-workgroups: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/separate-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/separate-global-id-2: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/shared-atomics: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/simple-barrier: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/execution/simple-barrier-atomics: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/bug-93840: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/matched_local_work_sizes: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/mismatched_local_work_sizes: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/mix_compute_and_non_compute: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/no_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_shader/linker/one_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/basic-local-size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/fixed-local-size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/global-invocation-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/separate-global-id: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/execution/separate-global-id-2: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/linker/mixed_fixed_variable_local_work_size: skip
spec/arb_compute_variable_group_size/linker/no_local_size_specified: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-1: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-2: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-3: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/basic-cull-4: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-1: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-2: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-3: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/clip-cull-4: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-and-clip-distance-different: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-and-clip-distance-sizeable-to-max: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-interpolated: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/fs-cull-distance-sizeable-to-max: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-inside-cull-volume: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-on-plane: skip
spec/arb_cull_distance/vs-cull-distance-vertex-outside-cull-volume: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-coarse: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-dfdy: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdx-fine: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdy-coarse: skip
spec/arb_derivative_control/execution/dfdy-fine: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/block-member-locations/sso-block-member-layout-location: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/fs-output: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/sso-vs-gs-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-attribs-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-array-dvec3: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-array-interleave-range: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-fs-doubles: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-gs-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-gs-fs-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-load-output: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-load-output-indirect: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-patch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-tcs-tes-fs-patch-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-to-fs-array-interleave: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/component-layout/vs-to-fs-array-interleave-single-location: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/execution/fs-ubo-named-block-explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/align-layout/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-align-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-location-overlap-aoa: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/block-member-mixed-order-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/named-block-member-location-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/block-member-locations/named-block-member-mixed-order-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap2: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap3: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-overlap4: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-type-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/fs-out-type-mismatch-array: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/intrastage-vs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/intrastage-vs-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/query-component: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-double-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-duplicated-input-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-duplicated-input-overlap-double: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-overlap: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-signed-unsigned: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-type-mismatch-signed-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-type-mismatch-unsigned-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/component-layout/vs-to-fs-width-mismatch-double-float: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-offset-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-offset-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/interstage-ssbo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/interstage-ubo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/intrastage-ssbo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_enhanced_layouts/linker/explicit-offsets/intrastage-ubo-different-offset-across-shaders: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/overlap-array-loc: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/overlap-array-loc-stages: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/overlap-location-across-stages: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/set-explicit-location-once-decl-twice: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/set-explicit-location-twice: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/set-location-to-sampler: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/set-same-explicit-location-twice: skip
spec/arb_explicit_uniform_location/linker/unused-uniform-reserve-location: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-no-write: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-no-gs: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-write-gs-no-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/layer-vs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-no-write: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-no-gs: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-write-gs-no-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_fragment_layer_viewport/viewport-vs-write-simple: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/2darray-basic: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-bulk-copy: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-bulk-read-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-param-aoa: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/clip-distance-in-values: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/generate-zero-primitives: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/sanity: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/execution/texcoord-non-constant-indices: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-bounds-and-sizes-check: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/2darray-vertex-index-oob: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-lines-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-points: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/input-overrun-triangles-adjacency: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-only-built-in-input-varyings-ext-separate-shader-objects: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/no-vertex-shader-user-defined-input-varying: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/varying-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_geometry_shader4/linker/verticesin-const: skip
spec/arb_get_program_binary/execution/uniform-after-restore: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/array-of-arrays-inside-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-ssbo-different-layouts: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ssbo/unsized-array-length: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/aoa-2: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-different-array-stride-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-inside-ubo-copy: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/array-of-arrays-inside-ubo: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/explicit-offset-nested-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/location-0-crash: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/column-vs-row: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/different-matrix-stride: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-column-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/indirect-row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/matrix/row-major: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-stages: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/ubo/two-ubos: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/arrays-of-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-aoa-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-array-fs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-cs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-mixing-with-normal-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/atomic-uint-several-slots: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/embedded-structs: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/index-matches-location: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-complex: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-dvec4: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/initializer-mat4x3: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/nonsequential-locations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-binding-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-nonconst-nested-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/sampler2d-struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/simple-without-names: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/struct-array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/uniform/two-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/va64-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/vs-ps-specializations: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_aoa: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_block_array_offset_per_member: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_double: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_lines: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_simple_multiple_samples: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_struct_array: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_triangles: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_block: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_ifc: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/execution/xfb/vs_two_sets_struct: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler: skip
spec/arb_gl_spirv/linker/uniform/multisampler-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitcount: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitfieldextract: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitfieldinsert: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitfieldreverse: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-findlsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-findmsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-fma: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/const-ldexp: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitcount: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitfieldextract: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitfieldinsert: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitfieldreverse: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-findlsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-findmsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-fma: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-frexp: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-array-of-structs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-block: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-block-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-struct: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatcentroid-struct2: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatoffset-block: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatoffset-block-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatoffset-struct: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-array-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-array-of-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-block: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-block-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-interpolateatsample-struct: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ldexp: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-texturegatheroffset-uniform-array-offset: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uaddcarry: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uaddcarry-only-add: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uaddcarry-only-carry: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uintbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-usubborrow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-usubborrow-only-borrow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/fs-usubborrow-only-sub: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitcount: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitfieldextract: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitfieldinsert: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitfieldreverse: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-findlsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-findmsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-fma: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-frexp: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-neg: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ldexp: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uaddcarry: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uaddcarry-only-add: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uaddcarry-only-carry: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uintbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-usubborrow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-usubborrow-only-borrow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/built-in-functions/vs-usubborrow-only-sub: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/fs-underflow-fma-compare-zero: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/instanced-inputs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/instanced-inputs-built-in-variable: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/invocation-id-basic: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/invocation-id-in-separate-gs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/invocation-id-without-qualifier: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/invocations-conflicting: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/invocations-matching: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/overloads: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/precise/fs-fract-of-nan: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/precise/fs-ge-nan-tautology: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/precise/fs-lt-nan-tautology: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/samplemaskin-basic: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/samplemaskin-indirect: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-nested-struct-arrays-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-nonuniform-control-flow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-nonzero-base: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-simple: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-simple-different-formats: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-simple-texture-size: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-struct-const-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-struct-nonconst-multiple-samplers: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-struct-nonconst-sampler: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-struct-nonconst-sampler-const: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-struct-nonconst-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-weird-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/fs-with-other: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-nonzero-base: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-simple: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-struct-const-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-struct-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-struct-nonconst-sampler-const: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-struct-nonconst-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/gs-weird-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d-array: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d-array-grad: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/sampler-nonconst-2d-grad: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-nonuniform-control-flow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-nonzero-base: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-simple: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-struct-const-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-struct-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-struct-nonconst-sampler-const: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-struct-nonconst-sampler-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/sampler_array_indexing/vs-weird-uniforms: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-array-const: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-array-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-masked: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-nonuniform-control-flow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-simple: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/fs-two-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-array-const: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-array-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-simple: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/gs-two-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-array-const: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-array-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-mixed-with-const-access: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-nonuniform-control-flow: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-simple: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/ubo_array_indexing/vs-two-arrays: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/execution/vs-fma-as-condition: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/linker/sample-qualifier-unqualified-vs-fs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/linker/sample-qualifier-vs-fs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/linker/stream-different-zero-gs-fs: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/linker/stream-invalid-prim-output: skip
spec/arb_gpu_shader5/linker/stream-negative-value: skip
spec/arb_provoking_vertex/clipped-strip-first: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-aoa-member: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-single-line-declaration-members: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-block-with-struct-member: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-named-block: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-struct: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/layout-location-struct-mixed-with-implicitly-assigned-varying: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/execution/vs-gs-linking: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/large-number-of-unused-varyings: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-clipdistance-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-culldistance-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-vs-out-fs-140: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-pointsize-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-tcs-out-tes: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-tes-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-vs-out-gs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/pervertex-position-vs-out-tcs: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/vs-to-fs-explicit-location-mismatch-array: skip
spec/arb_separate_shader_objects/linker/vs-to-fs-explicit-location-unused-input: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counter_ops/execution/add: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counter_ops/execution/all_touch_test: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counters/execution/fs-layout: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counters/execution/sparse-binding: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counters/execution/vs-simple-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/arb_shader_atomic_counters/linker/different-bindings-atomic-counter: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-ballot-if-else: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-builtin-variables: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-if: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-loop: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readfirstinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_ballot/execution/fs-readinvocation-uint-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/and-clamp: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-neg: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstoint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-neg: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-floatbitstouint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-neg: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-intbitstofloat-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uintbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-neg: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstoint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-neg: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-floatbitstouint-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-neg: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-intbitstofloat-neg_abs: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uintbitstofloat: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/glsl-fs-bitwise-and-boolean-and-1.0: skip
spec/arb_shader_bit_encoding/execution/glsl-fs-unsigned-comparison-negative-zero: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock: skip
spec/arb_shader_clock/execution/clock2x32: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-all: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-any: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/cs-eq: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-all-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-all-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-any-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-any-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-eq-const: skip
spec/arb_shader_group_vote/vs-eq-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/fs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/gs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-manual-fma-float-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/arb_shader_precision/vs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/basic: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/indirect: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/memory-layouts-struct-deref: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/buffer-variable-indirect-indexing: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/copy-large-array: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/copy-large-struct: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/implicit_size_array_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-binding-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-count-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-name-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-order-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-member-type-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-memory-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/instance-matching-shader-storage-blocks-packaging-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/non_integral_size_array_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-def: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-def-2: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-def-3: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/shader-storage-block-different-size: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/sized_arrays_of_arrays_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/unsized_array_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_storage_buffer_object/linker/unsized_arrays_of_arrays_member: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/array-subroutines: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/array-subroutines-explicit-location: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/array-subroutines-nonconst: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/simple-subroutine: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/simple-subroutine-dlist: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines-2: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines-nested: skip
spec/arb_shader_subroutine/execution/two-subroutines-uniform: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-dynamic-initializer-matrix: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-dynamic-initializer-sized-array: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-dynamic-initializer-struct: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-dynamic-initializer-unsized-array: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-initializer-matrix: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-initializer-sized-array: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-initializer-struct: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/aggregate-initializer-unsized-array: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/const-var-non-constant-expr: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/implicit-return-type-conversion: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/length-matrix: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/length-vector: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/execution/scalar-swizzle: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-image2d: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-sampler2d: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-shader-storage-blocks: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-shader-storage-blocks-instanced: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-uniform-blocks: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/different-bindings-uniform-blocks-instanced: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_420pack/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-binding-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-packsnorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-packsnorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-packunorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpacksnorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/const-unpackunorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packsnorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packsnorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-packunorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpacksnorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/fs-unpackunorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packhalf2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packsnorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packsnorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packunorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-packunorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackhalf2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpacksnorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpacksnorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackunorm2x16: skip
spec/arb_shading_language_packing/execution/built-in-functions/vs-unpackunorm4x8: skip
spec/arb_texture_gather/execution/miplevels: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/fs-baselevel: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/fs-maxlevel: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/fs-miptree: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/fs-nomips: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/vs-baselevel: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/vs-maxlevel: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/vs-miptree: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_levels/execution/vs-nomips: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_lod/execution/fs-texturequerylod-linear: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_lod/execution/fs-texturequerylod-nearest: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_lod/execution/fs-texturequerylod-nearest-biased: skip
spec/arb_texture_query_lod/execution/fs-texturequerylod-no-mipmap: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/2-buffers-bug: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/example_from_spec: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/execution/fs-array-of-structs-std140-indirect: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/field_after_struct_base_alignment: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/row-major-matrix-inside-array-of-struct: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/std140-row_major-array-struct-struct-mat2x3-mat2x4-and-int: skip
spec/arb_uniform_buffer_object/struct_base_alignment: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-fp64-input-trunc: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-fs-pass-vertex-attrib: skip
spec/arb_vertex_attrib_64bit/execution/vs-test-attrib-location: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote: skip
spec/ext_demote_to_helper_invocation/execution/demote_with_derivatives: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/1d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-1darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gl/layered-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-highp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/nonuniform-ss-redecl-lowp: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles2/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/discard-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/integer-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/mrt: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/nonuniform-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/overwrite: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms16: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms2: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ms8: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/simple-ss: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-2darray-mipmap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-3d: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/single-slice-cubemap: skip
spec/ext_shader_framebuffer_fetch_non_coherent/execution/gles3/texture: skip
spec/ext_shader_image_load_formatted/execution/image_checkerboard: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/fs-mix-bvec4: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/fs-mix-if-bool: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/fs-mix-ivec4: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/fs-mix-uvec4: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/glsl-fs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/glsl-fs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/glsl-vs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/glsl-vs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/vs-mix-bvec4: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/vs-mix-if-bool: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/vs-mix-ivec4: skip
spec/ext_shader_integer_mix/execution/vs-mix-uvec4: skip
spec/gl-3.1/attributeless-vertexid: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/builtins/glsl-fs-roundeven: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/execution/gl_lightsource_indirect: crash
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-defined-test: skip
spec/glsl-1.10/preprocessor/extension-if-1: skip
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/clipping/vs-clip-vertex-primitives: fail
spec/glsl-1.20/execution/fs-underflow-mul-compare-zero: fail
spec/glsl-1.40-compat/execution/built-in-constants: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/built-in-functions/fs-inverse-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/built-in-functions/vs-inverse-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/gl_depthrangeparameters: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/glsl-fs-shadow2drect: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/execution/glsl-fs-shadow2drectproj: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-array-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-basic: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-bools: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-bvec-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-exp2: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-float-array-const-index: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-float-array-variable-index: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-floats: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-mat4-row-major: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-saturated-vec-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-struct: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-struct-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-struct-copy-complicated: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-struct-pad: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/fs-two-members: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-array-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-basic: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-bools: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-float-array-const-index: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-float-array-variable-index: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-floats: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-mat4-row-major: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-struct: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-struct-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-struct-copy-complicated: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-struct-pad: skip
spec/glsl-1.40/uniform_buffer/vs-two-members: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/fs-determinant-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-abs-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acos-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acos-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acos-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acos-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acosh-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acosh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acosh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-acosh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-all-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-all-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-all-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-all-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-all-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-all-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-any-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-any-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-any-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-any-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-any-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-any-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asin-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asin-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asin-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asin-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asinh-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asinh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asinh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-asinh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atanh-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atanh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atanh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-atanh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-ceil-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-int-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-ivec2-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-ivec2-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-ivec3-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-ivec3-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-ivec4-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-ivec4-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uint-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uvec2-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uvec2-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uvec3-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uvec3-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uvec4-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-uvec4-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-vec2-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-vec3-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-vec4-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-clamp-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cos-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cos-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cos-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cos-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cosh-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cosh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cosh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cosh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-cross-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-degrees-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-degrees-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-degrees-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-degrees-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-determinant-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-distance-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-dot-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-equal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-exp2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-faceforward-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-floor-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-fract-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-greaterthanequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inverse-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-inversesqrt-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-length-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthan-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-lessthanequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-log2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-matrixcompmult-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-max-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-min-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-float-float-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec2-vec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec2-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec3-vec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec3-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec4-vec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec4-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mix-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-mod-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-normalize-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-not-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-not-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-not-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-notequal-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-and-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-and-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-add-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitand-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-bitxor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-large-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-lshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mod-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat2x3-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat2x4-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat3x2-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat3x4-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat4x2-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-mat4x3-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-rshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-assign-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitand-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-abs-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-neg-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-abs-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-not-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-bitxor-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-complement-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-large-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-div-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bvec2-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bvec3-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-bvec4-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-ivec2-ivec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-ivec3-ivec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-ivec4-ivec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat2-mat2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat3-mat3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat4-mat4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uvec2-uvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uvec3-uvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-uvec4-uvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-vec2-vec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-vec3-vec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-eq-vec4-vec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ge-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-gt-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-le-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-lt-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mod-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x3-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x3-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x4-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat2x4-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x2-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x4-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat3x4-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x2-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x3-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-mat4x3-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-mult-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bvec2-bvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bvec3-bvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-bvec4-bvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-float-float-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-int-int-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-ivec2-ivec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-ivec3-ivec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-ivec4-ivec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat2-mat2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat2x3-mat2x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat2x4-mat2x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat3-mat3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat3x2-mat3x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat3x4-mat3x4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat4-mat4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat4x2-mat4x2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-mat4x3-mat4x3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uint-uint-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uvec2-uvec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uvec3-uvec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-uvec4-uvec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-vec2-vec2-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-vec3-vec3-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-ne-vec4-vec4-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-neg-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-not-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-not-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-or-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-or-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-int-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-ivec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uint-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-rshift-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-bvec2-bvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-bvec3-bvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-bvec4-bvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-selection-bool-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-int-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-ivec2-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-ivec2-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-ivec3-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-ivec3-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-ivec4-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-ivec4-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat2-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat2x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat2x3-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat2x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat2x4-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat3-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat3x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat3x2-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat3x4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat3x4-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat4-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat4x2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat4x2-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat4x3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-mat4x3-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uint-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uvec2-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uvec2-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uvec3-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uvec3-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uvec4-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-uvec4-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-sub-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-uint: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-uvec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-uvec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-uvec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-uplus-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-xor-bool-bool: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-op-xor-bool-bool-using-if: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec2-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec2-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec3-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec3-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec4-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec4-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-outerproduct-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-pow-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-pow-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-pow-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-pow-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-radians-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-radians-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-radians-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-radians-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-reflect-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-vec2-vec2-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-vec3-vec3-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-refract-vec4-vec4-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-round-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-roundeven-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-int: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-ivec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-ivec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-ivec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sign-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sin-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sin-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sin-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sin-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sinh-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sinh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sinh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sinh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-float-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-float-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-float-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-float-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-vec2-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-vec3-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-smoothstep-vec4-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-sqrt-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-float-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-float-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-float-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-float-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-vec2-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-vec3-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-step-vec4-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tan-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tan-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tan-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tan-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tanh-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tanh-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tanh-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-tanh-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat2x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat2x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat3x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat4x2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-transpose-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-float: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-vec2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-vec3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/gs-trunc-vec4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-mat2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-mat3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/built-in-functions/vs-determinant-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-const-accept: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-const-reject: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-enables: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-equal-to-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-homogeneity: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-primitives-lines: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-primitives-points: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/gs-clip-vertex-primitives-triangle-strip: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-const-accept: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-const-reject: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-different-from-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-enables: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-equal-to-position: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-homogeneity: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/clipping/vs-gs-clip-vertex-primitives-triangle-strip: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-clamp-vertex-color: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-ff-frag: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-texcoord-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/gs-texcoord-array-2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/vs-gs-ff-frag: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/vs-gs-texcoord-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/compatibility/vs-gs-texcoord-array-2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-1: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-5: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-6: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-7: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-8: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-conflicting-case-9: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-matching-case-1: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-matching-case-2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-matching-case-3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-matching-case-4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/fragcoord-layout-qualifiers-missing: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry-basic: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-bulk-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-in-bulk-read: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-in-explicitly-sized: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-in-param: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-in-values: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-itemized-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-out-values: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-vs-gs-out: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/clip-distance-vs-gs-out-sso: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/core-inputs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/dynamic_input_array_index: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/generate-zero-primitives: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/gs-conditional-emit: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/gs-fs-max-in-out-components: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/gs-point-unused-outputs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/max-input-components: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/output-triangle-strip-orientation: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/point-size-out: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/primitive-id-in: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/primitive-id-out: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/triangle-strip-adj: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/triangle-strip-adj-orientation: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/triangle-strip-orientation: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/geometry/vs-gs-max-in-out-components: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-also-uses-smooth-flat-noperspective: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-input-sizing-layout-consistent-with-static-usage: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-input-sizing-layout-larger-than-static-usage: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-instance-id: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-redeclares-both-pervertex-blocks: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-redeclares-pervertex-in-only: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-redeclares-pervertex-out-only: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/gs-trivial: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-block-interpolation-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-block-interpolation-named: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-block-interpolation-unnamed: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-block-struct-nesting: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-blocks-complex-vs-fs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-blocks-same-uniform-varying-name: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-blocks-simple-varying: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-blocks-with-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-vs-named-to-gs-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/interface-vs-unnamed-to-fs-unnamed: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/invariant-qualifier-everywhere: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-first-vertex: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-instanced: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-line: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-point: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-quad-strip: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-quads: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-strip: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/primitive-id-no-gs-strip-first-vertex: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/redeclare-pervertex-out-subset-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/redeclare-pervertex-subset-vs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/redeclare-pervertex-subset-vs-to-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/sanity: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unsized-in-named-interface-block: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unsized-in-named-interface-block-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unsized-in-named-interface-block-multiple: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unsized-in-unnamed-interface-block: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unsized-in-unnamed-interface-block-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unsized-in-unnamed-interface-block-multiple: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/unused-outputs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-input-array-float-index-rd: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-input-array-vec2-index-rd: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-input-array-vec3-index-rd: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-input-array-vec4-index-rd: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-output-array-float-index-wr: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-output-array-vec2-index-wr: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-output-array-vec3-index-wr: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/gs-output-array-vec4-index-wr: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/vs-output-array-float-index-wr-before-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/vs-output-array-vec2-index-wr-before-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/vs-output-array-vec3-index-wr-before-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/variable-indexing/vs-output-array-vec4-index-wr-before-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/varying-struct-basic-gs-fs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/varying-struct-basic-vs-fs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/varying-struct-basic-vs-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/vs-fs-max-in-out-components: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/vs-gs-arrays-fail: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/vs-gs-arrays-within-blocks-pass: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/execution/vs-gs-varyings-match-types: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-different-max-vertices-multiple-shader-objects: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-different-output-type-multiple-shader-objects: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-conflicting-input-layouts: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-layout-conflicts-with-static-usage: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-layout-greater-than-size: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-layout-greater-than-size-blocks: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-layout-less-than-size: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-layout-less-than-size-blocks: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-input-sizing-no-input-layout-declared: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-must-specify-input-type: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-must-specify-max-vertices: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-must-specify-output-type: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/gs-without-vs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-count-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-name-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-order-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-member-type-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-memory-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/instance-matching-uniform-blocks-packaging-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-member-name-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-member-qualifier-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-member-type-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-multiple-vs-member-count-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-vs-fs-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-vs-fs-member-count-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-blocks-vs-fs-member-order-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-vs-array-to-fs-named: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-vs-array-to-fs-unnamed: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-vs-array-to-gs-array-sized: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-vs-array-to-gs-array-unsized: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-vs-named-to-fs-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interface-vs-unnamed-to-fs-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interstage-multiple-shader-objects: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interstage-pervertex-redeclaration-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interstage-pervertex-redeclaration-needed: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/interstage-pervertex-redeclaration-unneeded: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-interface-arrays-unmatched-sizes: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-interface-named-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-interface-unnamed-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-pervertex-in-redeclaration-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-pervertex-in-redeclaration-needed: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-pervertex-in-redeclaration-unneeded: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-pervertex-out-redeclaration-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-pervertex-out-redeclaration-needed: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-pervertex-out-redeclaration-unneeded: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-unsized-interface-array: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-unsized-interface-array-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-unsized-interface-array-mismatch2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/intrastage-unsized-interface-array2: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/invariant-qualifier-everywhere-gs-fs-inconsistency: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/invariant-qualifier-everywhere-vs-gs-inconsistency: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/skip-stage-uniform-block-array-size-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/uniform-block-array-instance-name-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/uniform-block-array-size-and-instance-name-mismatch: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/unsized-in-named-interface-block: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/unsized-in-named-interface-block-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/unsized-in-unnamed-interface-block: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/unsized-in-unnamed-interface-block-gs: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/versions-mingled: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/linker/versions-mingled-multiple-shader-objects: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-array-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-basic: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-bools: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-float-array-const-index: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-float-array-variable-index: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-floats: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-mat3x4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-mat3x4-row-major: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-mat4: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-mat4-row-major: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-mat4x3: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-mat4x3-row-major: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-struct: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-struct-copy: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-struct-copy-complicated: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-struct-pad: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/gs-two-members: skip
spec/glsl-1.50/uniform_buffer/struct_base_alignment: skip
spec/glsl-es-3.10/execution/vs-simple-atomic-counter-inc-dec-read: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/shared-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-float-negative-zero: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float: skip
spec/intel_shader_atomic_float_minmax/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-float-nan: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/fs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-absolutedifference-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-addsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-average-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-averagerounded-uint64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-countleadingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-counttrailingzeros-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-multiply32x16-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-int64: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint: skip
spec/intel_shader_integer_functions2/execution/built-in-functions/vs-subtractsaturate-uint64: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitcount: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitfieldextract: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitfieldinsert: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-bitfieldreverse: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-findlsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-findmsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/const-ldexp: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitcount: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitfieldextract: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitfieldinsert: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-bitfieldreverse: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-findlsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-findmsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-frexp: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-imulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-ldexp: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uaddcarry: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uaddcarry-only-add: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-uaddcarry-only-carry: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-umulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-usubborrow: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-usubborrow-only-borrow: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/fs-usubborrow-only-sub: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitcount: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitfieldextract: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitfieldinsert: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-bitfieldreverse: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-findlsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-findmsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-frexp: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-imulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-ldexp: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uaddcarry: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uaddcarry-only-add: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-uaddcarry-only-carry: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-lsb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-lsb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-msb: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-umulextended-only-msb-nonuniform: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-usubborrow: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-usubborrow-only-borrow: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/built-in-functions/vs-usubborrow-only-sub: skip
spec/mesa_shader_integer_functions/execution/overloads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-coarse-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-fine-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/derivatives-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-linear: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-none: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/execution/texture-implicit-lod-quads: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_linear_size: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_x: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_quads_y: skip
spec/nv_compute_shader_derivatives/linker/fail_two_arrangements: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/gs-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/lines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/points-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-isolines-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-in-point-mode-ignore-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tes-tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_fill_rectangle/execution/tris-with-fill-rect: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/shared-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_float/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-float: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicand-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicand-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicxor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/shared-atomicxor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicadd-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicand-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicand-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomiccompswap-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicexchange-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmax-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicmin-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicor-uint: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicxor-int: skip
spec/nv_shader_atomic_int64/execution/ssbo-atomicxor-uint: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_non_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/execution/viewport_relative_broadcast: skip
spec/nv_viewport_array2/linker/mismatched_viewport_relative: skip
spec/nv_viewport_swizzle/viewport_swizzle: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-write-simple: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-writes-in-range: skip
spec/oes_viewport_array/viewport-gs-writes-out-of-range: skip
summary:
       name:  results
       ----  --------
       pass:     3354
       fail:        2
      crash:        1
       skip:     3152
    timeout:        0
       warn:        0
 incomplete:        0
 dmesg-warn:        0
 dmesg-fail:        0
    changes:        0
      fixes:        0
regressions:        0
      total:     6509
