# Sometimes passes.
KHR-GLES31.core.shader_atomic_counters.advanced-usage-many-dispatches
KHR-GLES31.core.shader_atomic_counters.advanced-usage-many-draw-calls2

dEQP-GLES31.functional.compute.basic.ssbo_local_barrier_single_invocation
dEQP-GLES31.functional.synchronization.inter_invocation.image_overwrite
dEQP-GLES31.functional.synchronization.inter_invocation.image_read_write

dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.2d_array.qualifiers.coherent_r32f
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.2d_array.qualifiers.coherent_r32i
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.2d_array.qualifiers.coherent_r32ui
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.2d_array.qualifiers.volatile_r32f
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.2d_array.qualifiers.volatile_r32i
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.2d_array.qualifiers.volatile_r32ui
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.3d.qualifiers.coherent_r32f
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.3d.qualifiers.coherent_r32i
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.3d.qualifiers.coherent_r32ui
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.3d.qualifiers.volatile_r32f
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.3d.qualifiers.volatile_r32i
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.3d.qualifiers.volatile_r32ui
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.cube.qualifiers.coherent_r32f
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.cube.qualifiers.coherent_r32i
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.cube.qualifiers.coherent_r32ui
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.cube.qualifiers.volatile_r32f
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.cube.qualifiers.volatile_r32i
dEQP-GLES31.functional.image_load_store.cube.qualifiers.volatile_r32ui

spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@host-mem-barrier@Atomic counter/RaW/full barrier test/16x16
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@host-mem-barrier@Element array/RaW/full barrier test/16x16
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@host-mem-barrier@Element array/RaW/full barrier test/4x4
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@host-mem-barrier@Uniform buffer/RaW/one bit barrier test/64x64
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/incompatible format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/incompatible format test/imageBuffer
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/incomplete image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/level bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAdd/unbound image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAnd/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAnd/incomplete image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAnd/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicAnd/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicCompSwap/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicCompSwap/incompatible format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicCompSwap/incompatible format test/imageBuffer
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicCompSwap/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicCompSwap/level bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicCompSwap/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicExchange/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicExchange/incompatible format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicExchange/incompatible format test/imageBuffer
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicExchange/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicExchange/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMax/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMax/incompatible format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMax/unbound image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMin/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMin/incompatible format test/imageBuffer
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMin/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMin/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicMin/level bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicOr/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/address bounds test/imageBuffer/r32ui
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/incompatible format test/imageBuffer
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/incomplete image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/level bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageAtomicXor/unbound image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/address bounds test/imageBuffer/rgba32f
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/incompatible format test/imageBuffer
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/incomplete image test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/invalid format test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/layer bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/level bounds test
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@invalid@imageLoad/unbound image test

spec@arb_texture_cube_map_array@texturesize@tes-texturesize-samplercubearrayshadow
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@texturesize@tes-texturesize-sampler1darrayshadow
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@texturesize@tes-texturesize-sampler1dshadow
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@texturesize@tes-texturesize-sampler2darrayshadow
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@texturesize@tes-texturesize-sampler2dshadow
spec@glsl-1.50@execution@texturesize@tes-texturesize-samplercubeshadow
